README.md, before:

# Team 6 Project: MeetU

A Better Version of When2Meet

## Team Overview

-   Yuni Jeong (@yunijeong5)
-   Kushagra Srivastava (@suobset)
-   James Leone (@JLeone123)
-   Nhi Ha (@hacherio)

## Innovative Idea

Existing application: When2Meet (https://www.when2meet.com/), CATME

Their limitations are:
When2Meet-- Bad UI, hard to use on phones, cannot choose location, no commenting functionality
CATME-- Confusing UI (can accidentally fill out the survey wrong)

We want to make a scheduling web app that overcomes these limitations, and add extra functionality which we believe would benefit anyone who want to organize a group meeting. Our goal is to create an app that's simple and easy to use, but also gives intuitive UX to its users.

## Data

-   Meeting title
-   Username (email)
-   Password
-   Time selection votes
-   Recurrence of meeting
-   Meeting location votes
-   Comments about the meeting
-   Specific text boxes for meeting agenda, roadmap, etc. Can give a markdown to end-user to define it to their liking.
-   Links for Zoom/Discord/Meeting Platforms
-   Links for shared Google Drive Folders, Pooled-in Resources
-   A unified system for people to mention if they can make it or not on specific days (think as marking attendance...if they can typically make it but did not on a specific day, they can mention why)

## Functionality

-   Create profile with email and password.
-   Create a new event
-   Users can add their availabilities and vote for the location they want to meet at.
-   Show times with the most overlap (color coded)

-   Private/public events: e.g. Only UMass emails can schedule an event

-   Set max number of members:
-   Users can add comments on the same page
-   Button to send out link via email

-   See all events (past/future) on a single dashboard
-   Delete / create event on the dashboard

-   (maybe) Google Map API: Mark locations on map

## License

[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2023 James, Kush, Nhi, Yuni

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add: design documents to README.md

README.md, after:

# Team 6 Project: MeetU

![Landing Page](home.png)
A Better Version of When2Meet

## Mockups

Please see the documents below (in this repo) for project details and mockup GIFs!

-   [UI Design: Wireframes, User Stories, and Page GIFs](./docs/ui-design/index.md)
-   [Backend Design](./docs/backend/index.md)

### How to run

```
npm i
```

## Team Overview

-   Yuni Jeong (@yunijeong5)
-   Kushagra Srivastava (@suobset)
-   James Leone (@JLeone123)
-   Nhi Ha (@hacherio)

## Innovative Idea

Existing application: When2Meet (https://www.when2meet.com/), CATME

Their limitations are:
When2Meet-- Bad UI, hard to use on phones, cannot choose location, no commenting functionality
CATME-- Confusing UI (can accidentally fill out the survey wrong)

We want to make a scheduling web app that overcomes these limitations, and add extra functionality which we believe would benefit anyone who want to organize a group meeting. Our goal is to create an app that's simple and easy to use, but also gives intuitive UX to its users.

## Data

-   Meeting title
-   Username (email)
-   Password
-   Time selection votes
-   Recurrence of meeting
-   Meeting location votes
-   Comments about the meeting
-   Specific text boxes for meeting agenda, roadmap, etc. Can give a markdown to end-user to define it to their liking.
-   Links for Zoom/Discord/Meeting Platforms
-   Links for shared Google Drive Folders, Pooled-in Resources
-   A unified system for people to mention if they can make it or not on specific days (think as marking attendance...if they can typically make it but did not on a specific day, they can mention why)

## Functionality

-   Create profile with email and password.
-   Create a new event
-   Users can add their availabilities and vote for the location they want to meet at.
-   Show times with the most overlap (color coded)

-   Private/public events: e.g. Only UMass emails can schedule an event

-   Set max number of members:
-   Users can add comments on the same page
-   Button to send out link via email

-   See all events (past/future) on a single dashboard
-   Delete / create event on the dashboard

-   (stretch feature) Google Map API: Mark locations on map

## License

[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2023 James, Kush, Nhi, Yuni

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
